README.md, before:

# Probot: Config

[![Downloads][npm-downloads]][npm-url] [![version][npm-version]][npm-url]
[![License][npm-license]][license-url]
[![Build Status][travis-status]][travis-url]

A [Probot](https://probot.github.io) extension to easily share configs between
repositories.

## Setup

Just put common configuration keys in a common repository within your
organization. Then reference this repository from config files with the same
name.

```yaml
# octocat/probot-settings:.github/test.yaml
shared1: will be merged
shared2: will also be merged

# octocat/repo1:.github/test.yaml
_extends: probot-settings
other: AAA

# octocat/repo2:.github/test.yaml
_extends: probot-settings
shared2: overrides shared2
other: BBB

# octocat/repo3:.github/test.yaml
other: CCC # standalone, does not extend other configs
```

You can also reference configurations from other organizations:

```yaml
_extends: other/probot-settings
other: DDD
```

Note that the files must be at the **exact same location** within the
repositories. Configs are shallow-merged, nested objects have to be redefined
completely.

However, if a base repository is named `.github`, the config may optionally be
stored relative to the root of the repository rather than relative a `.github/`
directory.

```yaml
# octocat/repo1:.github/test.yaml
_extends: .github
other: FFF

# octocat/.github:test.yaml
other: GGG
```

## Usage

```js
const getConfig = require('probot-config');

module.exports = robot => {
  robot.on('push', async context => {
    // Will look for 'test.yml' inside the '.github' folder
    const config = await getConfig(context, 'test.yml');
  });
};
```

## Development

```sh
# Install dependencies
yarn

# Run the bot
yarn start

# Run test watchers
yarn test:watch
```

We use [prettier](https://prettier.io/) for auto-formatting and
[eslint](https://eslint.org/) as linter. Both tools can automatically fix a lot
of issues for you. To invoke them, simply run:

```sh
yarn fix
```

It is highly recommended to use VSCode and install the suggested extensions.
They will configure your IDE to match the coding style, invoke auto formatters
every time you save and run tests in the background for you. No need to run the
watchers manually.

[license-url]: https://github.com/getsentry/probot-config/blob/master/LICENSE
[npm-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/probot-config
[npm-license]: https://img.shields.io/npm/l/probot-config.svg?style=flat
[npm-version]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/probot-config.svg?style=flat
[npm-downloads]: https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/probot-config.svg?style=flat
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/getsentry/probot-config
[travis-status]: https://travis-ci.org/getsentry/probot-config.svg?branch=master

Commit message:

Allow specifying custom file paths
This change allows syntax like:
```
_extends: base:otherdir/test.yml
```

This is necessary for maintaining an opt-in pattern when we begin
supporting default base repositories.

README.md, after:

# Probot: Config

[![Downloads][npm-downloads]][npm-url] [![version][npm-version]][npm-url]
[![License][npm-license]][license-url]
[![Build Status][travis-status]][travis-url]

A [Probot](https://probot.github.io) extension to easily share configs between
repositories.

## Setup

Just put common configuration keys in a common repository within your
organization. Then reference this repository from config files with the same
name.

```yaml
# octocat/probot-settings:.github/test.yaml
shared1: will be merged
shared2: will also be merged

# octocat/repo1:.github/test.yaml
_extends: probot-settings
other: AAA

# octocat/repo2:.github/test.yaml
_extends: probot-settings
shared2: overrides shared2
other: BBB

# octocat/repo3:.github/test.yaml
other: CCC # standalone, does not extend other configs
```

Configs are shallow-merged, nested objects have to be redefined
completely.

You can also reference configurations from other organizations:

```yaml
_extends: other/probot-settings
other: DDD
```

Additionally, you can specify a specific path for the configuration by
appending a colon after the project.

```yaml
_extends: probot-settings:.github/other_test.yaml
other: FFF
```

Note that by default, inherited configurations are in the **exact same
location** within the repositories.  However, if a base repository is named
`.github`, the default config path is relative to the root of the repository
rather than relative to a `.github/` directory.

```yaml
# octocat/repo1:.github/test.yaml
_extends: .github
other: GGG

# octocat/.github:test.yaml
other: HHH
```

## Usage

```js
const getConfig = require('probot-config');

module.exports = robot => {
  robot.on('push', async context => {
    // Will look for 'test.yml' inside the '.github' folder
    const config = await getConfig(context, 'test.yml');
  });
};
```

## Development

```sh
# Install dependencies
yarn

# Run the bot
yarn start

# Run test watchers
yarn test:watch
```

We use [prettier](https://prettier.io/) for auto-formatting and
[eslint](https://eslint.org/) as linter. Both tools can automatically fix a lot
of issues for you. To invoke them, simply run:

```sh
yarn fix
```

It is highly recommended to use VSCode and install the suggested extensions.
They will configure your IDE to match the coding style, invoke auto formatters
every time you save and run tests in the background for you. No need to run the
watchers manually.

[license-url]: https://github.com/getsentry/probot-config/blob/master/LICENSE
[npm-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/probot-config
[npm-license]: https://img.shields.io/npm/l/probot-config.svg?style=flat
[npm-version]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/probot-config.svg?style=flat
[npm-downloads]: https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/probot-config.svg?style=flat
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/getsentry/probot-config
[travis-status]: https://travis-ci.org/getsentry/probot-config.svg?branch=master
